♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer but we
keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together, we'll
turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
Watch closely, this is the way
you spell out Bam,
and this is how
you write Rachel.
Easy, right?
Um, Rachel, can you explain
the meaning of conflict?
Huh? I could have sworn
I already taught you that.
It's any instance
where you hate or hurt others.
The words I hear and see.
I-I don't understand.
Bam, what would you do
if someone were to hurt me
or say mean things to you
that hurt my feelings?
Mm.
You'd fight them, right?
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's what it means.
Everything I was,
my thoughts and feelings
belonged to Rachel.
[ Yells ]
You might as well
surrender,
tiny black turtle.
Wait. Turtle?
Wow, I imagine the talking
alligator cost a pretty penny.
Gah!
Huh?
Oh, sorry, is this thing
not your pet?
His what?!
Hm.
Aah!
I'm not his alligator!
I'm no one's damn pet!
I am Rak Wraithraiser.
Cower in fear.
How cute. He's even been trained
to say his own name.
Um, this guy's not --
Oh, I know.
I have no business with you,
Blue Turtle.
What are you planning
to do with him?
Hunt him.
What?
I grow stronger with
each foe,
with every turtle
I conquer.
Ugh, one more mindless drone
like the rest.
When someone blindly tells you
to kill 200 people,
you simply obey
without questioning.
[ Growls ] I have no time
for your riddles, turtle!
Yeah, I wouldn't expect
an alligator to get it.
Well, it's been fun.
Huh?
I need to find
some other people.
Strong, interesting,
and capable allies
who will climb
the Tower with me.
Later.
Ah...
Ah...hmph!
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
I'm gonna regret this,
aren't I?
I have to fight,
I have to.
So I can find Rachel.
What are you waiting for?
[ Groans ]
Let's go.
Okay.
[ Growls ]
I have had it, you turtle punks!
I'll rip your shells
from your bodies
and make armor out of you.
We don't have shells,
so good luck with that.
You did great, big guy.
Thanks.
The Da-an Tribe
are mild mannered
and would never
attack anyone.
That's why he didn't.
The way
your knees are shaking?
I doubt you could catch
a rabbit in a cage.
And here I was about
to hurt him.
Thanks for stopping me.
You can call me Khun.
I'm Bam.
[ Chuckles ]
So how did a guy like you get
his hands on the Black March?
That weapon is granted only
to the princess chosen by Jahad,
the king of this Tower.
Hmm.
What's taking you so long
to track down the shrimp
with my sword,
you pathetic little
baby man?
I get that you're frustrated,
but do you have to be so mean?
So tell me, how could someone
who just entered the Tower,
let alone a man,
get a hold of it?
If the king were
to learn of this,
you would be executed.
For some reason the princess
just let me borrow it.
Borrow it?
Well, there's someone
I have to see.
And who would that be?
I had a feeling there was
something that separated
him from the other Regulars.
I wonder what
makes him so special.
Where are you?!
How curious.
Huh?
Come on, let's go.
What?
Wait. Go where?
Hope you don't mind being stuck
with me as a travel partner.
Sure!
Oh! Ugh!
♪♪
Hm?
Geez, there's grass everywhere.
Whoa.
You should run
if you're fast enough.
Why would I do that?
♪♪
I don't need to run.
That's only necessary
with stronger opponents.
Hm.
Those dudes are
like crazy strong,
and they're also totally
freaking ignoring me.
For turtles
you sure move fast.
Die!
[ Grunting ]
Damn it!
If this thing's right,
there's only 268 Regulars left,
it shouldn't be too long now.
That many are dead?
Hm?
I take it from
your expression
you've never killed
anyone before.
I don't know.
You don't know?
Well, I don't remember anything
about my past.
Except for the things
Rachel taught me.
Rachel?
The person I'm
trying to find.
Ah, so your girlfriend?
No, it's more like
I belong to her.
You what?
So I have to climb
the Tower, and to do that...
Hm. You know what?
I think I get it now.
She's your rule.
Rule?
Bam, what do you say we shake
hands to cement our alliance?
When I heard them announce
the rules of the test,
I promised myself
than rather than killing 200
I would find allies
among the 200 who survived
without ever having to shed
any blood.
To find strong, interesting
and capable allies.
The most important code
to live by --
never follow
anyone else's rules.
I like that you impose your
own rules and you stick to them.
Plus, if a princess of Jahad
saw something special in him,
I'd rather have him
as an ally than an enemy.
So what do you think
of my offer?
Thanks, but I don't really think
I'm all that interesting.
A teammate like Rak
would be way better.
Can't hide from me,
little turtles!
♪ Do do do ♪
Uh.Huh?
Congratulations, survivors,
you made it.
Oh, and by the way,
since the buzzer went off,
anyone still fighting
after this point fails.
[ Laughs ]
You guys are like
super impressive
and you were both
so evenly matched.
And you're ignoring me.
Get ready, the second test
will now begin.
Please find and enlist
two allies
within the next five minutes.
As long as all three teammates
are physically touching
when the countdown ends,
then congratulations.
You pass!
Good luck.
Khun: That doesn't
sound too hard.
Looks like we
have five minutes.
Guess we'll have to ally
with our loud gator friend here.
You want to ignore me,
then die!
It's destiny that brought
the three of us here today,
no doubt about it,
if we all work together
and combine our skills,
we'll be the most
unstoppable team in the Tower.
You feel me?
I'm Anaak.
Hotz.
And my name's --
Looks like we'd better find
that third ally.
-Yep.
-It's Shibisu,
since you ruined
my cool introduction.
Slow down.
Get back here.
Hey, Gator, did you happen
to hear the explanation
of this round's rules?
So what do you think?
Feel like
teaming up with us?
[ Laughs ]
I'd never become allies
with my prey,
especially
the likes of you.
Really?
Then I guess
with our remaining minutes,
we'll just have to kill you
and go find ourselves
a new ally.
Just try it.
Hey, hold on a second.
You said you want
to hunt me, right?
That's right. Defeating enemies
with powerful weapons
will make me the strongest
fighter in all the land.
Okay, I get it.
Then I have no choice
but to fight.
Bam, no!
Well,
I guess you're not such
a bad turtle after all.
Bring it on!
Okay.
[ Gasps ]
You can hunt me now.
Huh?
Let's go.
Brrrr!
Hey, pick up
your weapon and fight me!
No.
Pick it up.
Pick it up!
You've got guts, kid,
I'll give you that.
For crying out loud!
Visible mode.
Pick up your weapon!
And I said no.
He's running down the clock
so he'll have no choice
but to join us.
Pick it up!
Hey, didn't you say you came
to find strong prey?
Yeah, I did.
Then wouldn't it be
better to team up with us
so that you can climb the Tower
and fight the stronger prey
that already made it
up to the top?
Huh?
I mean, really, instead
of obsessing over Bam here,
wouldn't it be better to --
Don't be ridiculous,
Blue Turtle.
Who cares where? I decide
when and who I'll hunt.
[ Gasps ]
10 seconds remaining.
You can pick it up
or I'll make you pick it up.
Damn it!
We don't have time for this.
[ Yells ]
Stop that!
I'm not a jungle gym.
Get off!
-5...
-...4...
-Damn you!
-...3...
-Ah!
-...2...
-Aah!
-...1...
-Ah!
Time's up!
Damn it!
This is why I hate turtles!
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Khun: From the looks of it,
I'd say have more or less
about 120 Regulars
passed the test.
Rak: You have your weapon now.
Fight me.
Aah!
No, I don't
think I will.
I command you to fight me,
you pathetic creature.
-Hey, Gator.
-My name is Rak!
Yeah, whatever. Look, if you try
and expose Bam's weapon here,
the others will swarm him
and take him out
before you have the chance.
Besides, won't it be more fun
once he's a stronger opponent?
You may be right.
You can't fool me
that easily.
[ Stomach rumbles ]
Oh...
Sounds like you need this.
Huh?
If you call a truce,
you can have it.
Hm. What is this
turtle food?
Hm.
[ Chewing ]
[ Gasps ]
I demand 10 more.
All the other Regulars who
passed the test
look super impressive and stuff,
don't you think?
[ Both groan ]
[ Sighs ]
Anyway,
you should feel honored
and grateful
to have a guy
like me on your team.
Hiyah! Wah!
Since I'm a master
of the killing arts,
my hands are lethal weapons.
Hotz and Anaak:
Stop talking.
I may be a cold-blooded
killing machine,
but I have feelings.
-I found you.
-Hm?
-Huh?
Look at what you did to my arm
and get that smug look
off your face.
What are you gonna do
to fix this?
Your first mistake was assuming
that I'd fix it.
What was that?
Lero Ro: I don't mean to
interrupt, but fighting
is prohibited
during breaks.
-Huh?
-[ Chewing ]
-And who the hell are you?
-How very kind of you to ask.
I'm your test administrator,
but you can refer to me
as Lero Ro.
And administrator?
That means you're --
you're a Ranker.
That's correct.
He must be powerful.
He stopped the fight
without even lifting a finger.
Amazing.
Hm?
Wait, don't tell me you
don't know about Rankers either.
I guess I don't.
What's a Ranker?
A Ranker is the title bestowed
on someone who was able to climb
to the top of the Tower,
The top?
Where King Jahad lives.
A rare breed among Regulars.
Only a special kind of crazy
can achieve a feat like that.
To reach the top,
they must be incredible.
Good news and bad news.
More of you passed
than expected,
so now I guess we'll have to do
a bit of cooling.
Not more cooling.
Hm.
[ Whooshing ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Screaming ]
Shinsu.
My, aren't you perceptive?
[ Groaning ]
♪♪
Shinsu is the source of the
entirety of the Tower's power.
All of us are able to breathe
thanks to this water
you see before you.
In fact, everyone within
the Tower uses this water
to fight in combat situations.
Any team that successfully
passes through this wall
without succumbing
to Shinsu strength passes.
Everyone else remaining
on the other side fails.
Come on, the whole team?
What if one of us can't get
through but the other two can?
Then you all fail.
-No fair!
-That's so messed up!
Fairness is irrelevant.
The most important asset
you need
to climb this Tower is luck.
The luck to be born
with either
exceptional brains
or brawn or both.
Khun:
I'm not worried about the gator
passing through the Shinsu.
The density won't be
a problem for him.
But Bam might be an issue.
Bam: E-Excuse me.
Hm?
Your wall didn't
push me back with the others.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
I can totally go back.
[ Clears throat ]
No, come here. You pass.
Yeah?
Perhaps
it's just a mistake,
but that would count
as luck as well.
-Come on, man!
-No fair!
That's my Black Turtle.
I'd expect nothing less.
There's no way
it was a mistake.
We were right next to him
and have pushed us back
and not Bam.
Hm.
A monster has arrived.
[ Grunting ]
This bores me.
Why don't we make a bet
to pass the time?
Huh?
Here's an idea.
How about we try and guess
who will pass through the wall
of Shinsu first?
If you're right, then I'll
answer any and all questions
you care to ask of me.
Really?
You would do that?
Indeed.
And if I guess correctly,
you'll have to do likewise
and answer all my questions.
Yeah, Okay.
All right.
Now, who to choose?
I have to win this bet
so I can find Rachel.
Let's see how about...
the girl with the bob cut.
I'm gonna go
with the green girl.
Did we pick the same girl?
Is there any reason you chose
that one in particular?
Just instinct.
She made it look easy.
Huh?
What?
Well then, looks
like we tied.
Yeah.
Hmm?
But honestly,
a tie against a Ranker
is an impressive achievement,
if you ask me.
So I guess I could
bend my rules
a little bit and answer
your questions anyway.
Wait, are you serious?
Then have you seen
a blonde girl with freckles?
I haven't.
I see.
Huh!
What was that for?
Let's hold back
and see what the others do first
before making our move.
Hm.
That can't be it. Don't you have
any other questions?
Yeah.
Do you think you could tell me
more about
the Irregulars?
Hmm.
I-Is that off limits?
No, it's fine.
And a Regular as an individual
does not fall in line
with the rules
of the Tower.
[ Grunting ]
The structure is split
into three sections,
the outer Tower
or residential district,
the inner Tower where we find
ourselves at the moment,
which can only be climbed
by Regulars.
And then we have
the middle area
connecting the two sections
to each other.
I can't believe the rest of us
have to endure
this stupid test
in order to weed out
the pathetic weaklings
like you.
Huh?
Yeah, this Tower is a match
for the worthiest
of chosen champions like me.
Like I said, chosen.
[ Laughs ]
Why isn't it working?
This has never happened
to me before.
The majority of people
will spend
the duration of their lives
in the outer Tower.
However, some of them are chosen
by Headon, the Tower's caretaker
and are then
granted permission
to enter the inner Tower
after that point.
Okay, then, is it safe to assume
everyone was born
and raised within
the Tower?
Well, of course they are,
obviously.
What a funny
thing to say.
You're a little comedian.
Yeah, of course.
I was just joking.
If everyone was born here,
does that mean only Rachel
and I came from
another world?
There's no way I'll let
myself lose to a dumb girl!
Come on, this is getting old!
Oh, please.
Who are you calling dumb, idiot?
[ Man yawning ]
-What?
-Huh?
Lero Ro: What was I saying
again? Oh, right,
so those who are able
to enter the Tower
without first being deemed
worthy by Headon,
those are the ones
whom we call Irregulars.
Are Irregulars evil people
or monsters or something?
Not at all. But the Irregulars
who appeared in the Tower
so far were so incredibly strong
that they --
[ Gunshot ]
Hm?
Are you kidding me?
We're out just 'cause
we can't walk through walls.
That's B.S.
Not this guy again.
Is he a friend of yours?
I wouldn't say that.
I won't accept that.
I'm way stronger than him
and I'm definitely
stronger than you.
I don't care if you're a Ranker.
Don't come closer
or I'll kill you
where you stand.
Come to die, pretty boy?
You don't deserve it,
but I'll show you mercy.
Huh?
The capabilities of Shinsu
are limitless.
It can make you immortal
or grant even a peon like you
unlimited power.
Aah!
If you can withstand it,
that is.
[ Screams ]
If you were to somehow make it
to the 30th floor or above,
you'd have to endure Shinsu
of this concentration
on a daily basis.
How can you do
this every day?
I won't deny your strength
or determination,
but the unfortunate truth
you must accept
is you simply were not chosen.
That's all.
Aah!
♪♪
Ugh! [ Panting ]
Everything to get here,
I threw away everything I had,
even if I go back, there's
nothing left for me there.
[ Sobbing ]
Just goes to show the gods
certainly can be cruel.
What's the matter?
Is something wrong?
Bam: Am I worthy?
Do I deserve to climb the Tower?
If you don't,
eventually you'll stop.
I hope you'll find what it is
you're looking for
wherever you stand.
I truly do.
What do you think?
Should we go?
Yeah.
[ Grunting ]
[ Yelling ]
♪♪
Uh...
Huh?
[ Laughs ]
Got a situation there,
Blue Turtle?
Shut up.
Hey, Bam.
Kun, Rak!
I very much look forward
to seeing you again soon, Bam.
Thank you. Likewise.
And just a friendly
word of advice.
I wouldn't get too close
to Khun, if I were you.
Huh?
[ Yelling ]
[ Straining ]
Aah!
[ Yelling ]
All right!
Ugh! I did it!
So how about it?
Now that we're through,
want to race me to the top?
Hell yeah, I do!
Together: Yeah!
Would you be quiet?
The third test will take place
in this location.
Hm.
Hmm? Something the matter?
Oh, it's nothing.
Ah, Khun Aguero Agnis, hm?
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
♪ Where you going? ♪
♪ It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Gimme an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as
they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like I'm
in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone so
can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow but
I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone, I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere, I feel
like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was all
black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gon'
stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪